Hello everyone, the name Alex Marquinhos knows how we will be demonstrating for you now the
part of electronic medical record
that the motto is
criticize patients
patient letters
wanted to
this one
so since Tuesday
pt attacker 8
from 15
in the right pane has all the data here
we found or
in egypt of model
today
nothing tourist barred stolen potatoes
by extension the banon
so here already in the month the program is already only is to change state filled
replaced areas by the states of the moment
Where do you work or live?
The name of the doctor is now the name of the same doctor crm
and so on
Let's go to sleep
document we created there
protested raw attestations
in model mode it was
dispensation
so here
the attack was
generator with highlight the patient's name
he was
the avaí opened the world cup and was replaced
by the name of the patient maintaining the healing formatting
was also replaced
the date in full
the doctor's name
my name
I give crm's number
I realize that the
hugo is created in the document once only
you can use it several times without having to leave the house and cissa
keep copying and pasting
meirelles reiterated
model you've already done
here you can also add information
tribal gets blocked
are how many documents do you write more
but nothing
then each of each time you design a good service
you fill in the customer's data here
so for every
each service date and that will generate the evolution data.
I doubt patient here
as pure
irati when we will have a given at all the pleasure in will calculate the imc
of the patient
Blessed are you in the
other normal weight
and it was a normal weight who enters
in the 2 values
// patient's age
close to complete
heart rate the temperature then are states that
going to be is aggravated for this patient care
for
evolution monitoring
in fradelos also sails on the prologue
by others
models
if you pick or group
and get injured
the model
report the arena menezes and is made according to the specialty of the patient
a differentiated gain in the system is that it maintains a profile
so he was able to inform us as the preferred field
then you can generate scene menezes according to your specialty
the character of the mind may be your
according to your skill and use it
during
of working days
then each department every year doctor would have their
its various types of ananias according to the pch that it will attend you
night
remembering that
the system allows you to choose you go at the time of printing and first
head than the footer
daring and especially the text
you always take my head up to ri ri
to look like shaved head have set
according
the other video that we explained about head carried by giving a
look later
if you do not want to print
means that you may already have a
a pre-printed form
with the footer header
already to the press was then if you only need to print the same body in the
document
another thing
enough to have this kind of document images
you can download images on the initiative right the images of the
patient
I'll get a picture here.
and as we are going to be like this, it will become a miniature
here on earth
we took three pictures
in the others the patient then
are available here you can go
view the actual size at which is the pictures are so bad that it was even
but I can imagine the high resolution
and this pressure the whole screen
increase by decreasing
patient image size
you can also avoid the patient's picture picture
we make money to do it
any annotation
so there is a crisis but passes home or for this party is about
attendance
the referee and top of roderick images in the images that have the text behind
can also be
I sang in the export part and turkey as you view the part of the
document
in own
the document image of the windows hitler itself and image
I do not believe in God
that our cities have not been successful in the
Let's see the part of him now.
patient return
of 80 each
here is a soul the little book with some date means that for each date of
sakineh
was made a documentation was arrested documentation for the patient
by descending order descending
so on the 20th
he generated fist
the only exam day
and we think it means that it was a test
wall is saved or not
and announces as wing
the recent attitude with a camera would be annoying be made
images
if the patient has generated
The young lady is the document already and for that
quintão because of the pain
each of atp
the group
the document is generated
and for each group you have the information if the 1 by visually
from conception this was one in the written document or
a little to the image
after noting the patient
I indicate the group that includes okazaki to score highlight was a report that
was generated
it was the medical record
another differential also what system we can
emit housekeeping traction esp sbt
- request for hospitalization
the patient
for these agents will be another day
is coming through a care they are is the case
and when you opened it to make request it will appear until the
date of the request because it dispenses with a peak
three days from the request
then this interaction